Addressing spec inconsistencies with Open API repo spec (v2.3.0) (#558)
okta/okta-sdk-java: MIGRATING.md

## Migrating from 3.x.x to 4.0.0

Version 4.0.0 of this SDK introduces a number of breaking changes from previous versions.
In addition to many new classes/interfaces, some existing classes/interfaces are no longer backward compatible due to method renaming and signature changes.

### Package `com.okta.sdk.client.Client`

Below methods have undergone a signature change.
- `User createUser(User user, Boolean active, Boolean provider, UserNextLogin nextLogin)` signature changed to `User createUser(CreateUserRequest createUserRequest, Boolean active, Boolean provider, UserNextLogin nextLogin)`
- `User createUser(User user)` signature changed to `User createUser(CreateUserRequest createUserRequest)`
    - First argument type changed from `User` to `CreateUserRequest`

Below methods have been added.
- `UserSchema updateApplicationUserProfile(String appInstanceId, UserSchema userSchema)`
- `UserSchema updateApplicationUserProfile(String appInstanceId)`
- `UserSchema updateUserProfile(String schemaId, UserSchema userSchema)`
    
### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.type.UserType`

> Class `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.UserType` moved under `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.type.UserType`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Class `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.UserType` moved to `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.type.UserType`
```

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.type.UserTypeList`

> Class `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.UserTypeList` moved under `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.type.UserTypeList`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Class `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.UserTypeList` moved to `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.type.UserTypeList`
```

### Package `com.okta.sdk.ds.RequestBuilder`

> Below method has been added.

Reviewer: This method has already been introduced in `3.1.0`. So, this should not appear here. You should set the pom.xml version to `4.0.0-SNAPSHOT`, set the `okta.sdk.previousVersion` to `3.1.0` and run the japicmp report again.

- `JsonWebKey setX5t(String x5t)`
- `JsonWebKey setX5tS256(String x5tS256)`
- `JsonWebKey setX5u(String x5u)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.application.OpenIdConnectApplicationIdpInitiatedLogin`

This is a newly created interface with methods listed below.

- `List<String> getDefaultScope()`
- `OpenIdConnectApplicationIdpInitiatedLogin setDefaultScope(List<String> defaultScope)`
- `String getMode()`
- `OpenIdConnectApplicationIdpInitiatedLogin setMode(String mode)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.application.OpenIdConnectApplicationSettingsClient`

Below methods have been added.

- `OpenIdConnectApplicationIdpInitiatedLogin getIdpInitiatedLogin()`
- `OpenIdConnectApplicationSettingsClient setIdpInitiatedLogin(OpenIdConnectApplicationIdpInitiatedLogin idpInitiatedLogin)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.application.SamlApplicationSettingsSignOn`

Below methods have been added.

- `SingleLogout getSlo()`
- `SpCertificate getSpCertificate()`
- `SamlApplicationSettingsSignOn setSlo(SingleLogout slo)`
- `SamlApplicationSettingsSignOn setSpCertificate(SpCertificate spCertificate)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.application.SamlApplicationV1`

> The Interface has been removed.

Reviewer: Name the interface that has been removed.

The Interface `com.okta.sdk.resource.application.SamlApplication` should be used instead.

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.application.SingleLogout`

This is a newly created interface with methods listed below.

- `Boolean getEnabled()`
- `String getIssuer()`
- `String getLogoutUrl()`
- `SingleLogout setEnabled(Boolean enabled)`
- `SingleLogout setIssuer(String issuer)`
- `SingleLogout setLogoutUrl(String logoutUrl)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.application.SpCertificate`

This is a newly created interface with methods listed below.

- `List<String> getX5c()`
- `SpCertificate setX5c(List<String> x5c)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.authorization.server.AuthorizationServerPolicy`

> Below method has been renamed to keep naming consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below method has been renamed in the interest of naming consistency.
```

- Renamed `deletePolicy` to `delete`

Below method has undergone a signature change.
- `void deletePolicyRule(String ruleId)` signature changed to `void deletePolicyRule(String authServerId, String ruleId)`

> Below method has undergone a signature change and renamed to keep naming consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below method has undergone a signature change in the interest of naming consistency.
```

- `AuthorizationServerPolicy updatePolicy(String authServerId, AuthorizationServerPolicy authServerPolicy)` changed to `AuthorizationServerPolicy update(String authServerId)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.authorization.server.policy.AuthorizationServerPolicyRule`

> Below method has been renamed to keep naming consistency.

Reviewer: Below method has been renamed in the interest of naming consistency.

- Renamed `deletePolicyRule` to `delete`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.inline.hook.InlineHookChannelConfig`

Below methods have been added.

- `String getMethod()`
- `InlineHookChannelConfig setMethod(String method)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.linked.object.LinkedObject`

> Below methods have been removed.

Reviewer: Please add a note explaining why and what the callers already using this should do now?

- `String getName()`
- `LinkedObject setName(String name)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.log.LogCredentialProvider`

> Enum `LogCredentialProvider` has the below field defined:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enum `LogCredentialProvider` has the below new field definition:
```

- `OKTA_CREDENTIAL_PROVIDER("OKTA_CREDENTIAL_PROVIDER")`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.policy.DevicePolicyRuleConditionPlatform$SupportedMDMFrameworksEnum`

> Interface `com.okta.sdk.resource.policy.MDMFrameworks` moved under `com.okta.sdk.resource.policy.DevicePolicyRuleConditionPlatform$SupportedMDMFrameworksEnum`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interface `com.okta.sdk.resource.policy.MDMFrameworks` moved to `com.okta.sdk.resource.policy.DevicePolicyRuleConditionPlatform$SupportedMDMFrameworksEnum`
```

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.policy.DevicePolicyRuleConditionPlatform$TypesEnum`

> Interface `com.okta.sdk.resource.policy.Platforms` moved under `com.okta.sdk.resource.policy.DevicePolicyRuleConditionPlatform$TypesEnum`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interface `com.okta.sdk.resource.policy.Platforms` moved to `com.okta.sdk.resource.policy.DevicePolicyRuleConditionPlatform$TypesEnum`
```

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.factor.PushUserFactor` 

Below method has been added
- `PushUserFactor setExpiresAt(Date expiresAt)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.factor.UserFactor`

> Below method has been renamed to keep naming consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below method has been renamed in the interest of naming consistency.
```

- `UserSchemaBaseProperties setTitle(UserSchemaAttribute title)`
- `UserSchemaBaseProperties setUserType(UserSchemaAttribute userType)`
- `UserSchemaBaseProperties setZipCode(UserSchemaAttribute zipCode)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.schema.UserSchemaDefinitions`

This is a newly created interface with methods listed below.
- `UserSchemaBase getBase()`
- `UserSchemaPublic getCustom()`
- `UserSchemaDefinitions setBase(UserSchemaBase base)`
- `UserSchemaDefinitions setCustom(UserSchemaPublic custom)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.schema.UserSchemaPublic`

This is a newly created interface with methods listed below.
- `String getId()`
- `Map<String, Object> getProperties()`
- `List<String> getRequired()`
- `String getType()`
- `UserSchemaPublic setProperties(Map<String, Object> properties)`
- `UserSchemaPublic setRequired(List<String> required)`
- `UserSchemaPublic setType(String type)`

### Package `com.okta.sdk.resource.user.User`

Below method has undergone a signature change and renamed to keep naming consistency.
- `void addAllAppsAsTargetToRole()` to `void addAllAppsAsTarget(String roleId)`
- `void deleteFactor()` to `void deleteFactor(String factorId)`

> 

Reviewer: Remove empty lines.
